index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/pdvnny/pdvnny.github.io/edit/main/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/pdvnny/pdvnny.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

First update to index.md
didn't add much because I'm still trying to figure out how to use GitHub pages

index.md, after:

Thanks for stopping by my site. Please pardon the current appearance; this site is still under construction.

Please visit my repositories at [this page](https://github.com/pdvnny) instead

Also, here is a little bit about me:

I am a student at Boston University (BU) where I am working on completing a Master's degree in Computer Engineering with a specialization in Data Analytics.

My degree at BU will be a little longer than a normal Master's program. Until 2021, I was a chemist. I studied chemistry at Stonehill College and worked at PerkinElmer Health Sciences afterwards, but realized I wanted to work in a different field in the long-term. Instead of gradually making up some classes to enroll directly in a Master's program at BU, I started as a LEAP student at BU (LEAP program). After a couple semesters of "catch up" courses, I will be starting as a Master's candidate with other computer engineering students pursuing a Master's degree.



## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/pdvnny/pdvnny.github.io/edit/main/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/pdvnny/pdvnny.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
